good so this is bear he was brought to
the shelter after being hit by a car he
is going to have his front leg amputated
due to severe nerve damage he is a
rottie lab possibly some Shepherd in
their mix who is extremely friendly and
char is madly in love with him and she
comes out and exercises him every day
and as you can see he loves to play and
the injury does not seem to slow him
down in any way shape or form he loves
people he loves to play he has adopted
shore as his human and he is going to do
great after this surgery he obviously
loves to play ball as Craig tries to
remove the ball from his mouth he loves
to play ball good boy bear good boy beer
how many balls can you put your mouth at
once dude and there he goes and there
goes the ball come on beer
good job their shelter says and he has a
great disposition loves people he's
going to make a great family companion
great family member for somebody who's
lucky enough to adopt him and here he
comes oh look at this beautiful teeth
there good boy Oh char loves him sure
loves there